This project is the code for the paper "A Benchmarking Study of a Large-scale Heck Reaction Yield Dataset using Subgroup-based Modeling", including the dataset used and the code for dataset processing & analysis, model training & testing.

The project uses Python in combination with the CPU & GPU provided by the Colab (https://colab.research.google.com/) to build and train the model.The required python version and python libraries are listed in pkgs.txt.

The project consists of 6 folders: data, data_process, exp, figures, models, utils. Each of which is described below.

* data folder:

  * BH_HTE: Buchwald-Hartwig reaction high-throughput experimentation dataset

  * Suzuki_HTE: Suzuki-Miyaura reaction high-throughput  experimentation dataset

  * Heck: HeckLit literature-based yield dataset, constructed based on Reaxys (https://www.reaxys.com)

Among them, the excel file with "fp" contains the reaction represented by RXNFP & DRFP. the excel file with "RxnSmi" contains the reaction represented in Reaction SMILES format.

* data_process folder:

  * Heck clean1.py, Heck clean2.py, Heck clean3.py: The Python file to conduct data cleaning.

  * Heck split&analysis.py: The Python file for HeckLit splitting & analysis, as well as comparision with HTE datasets.

  * fp_generator.py: The programme to generate RXNFP & DRFP for chemical reactions.

  * DR Figures.py: The Python file to generate the plot for dimensionality reduction. 
  
  * Dataset Report.txt: The statistical results report of HeckLit, generated by Heck split&analysis.py.

* exp folder:

  * Heck_Benchmark folder: The codes for training & testing 5 ML models with 2 reaction fingerprints.
  
  * Heck_Other folder: 

    * Heck_Inter&Intra&HeckLit&SGBM_Benchmark.ipynb: The codes for benchmarking HeckLit and its intermolecular, intramolecular subsets and HeckLit with subgroup-based modeling (SGBM) in different splitting.

    * Heck_SGBM.ipynb: The code for discovering the applicable scenarios of SGBM.

    * Heck_Subset_Benchmark.ipynb: The code for setting the benchmark of the subsets in HeckLit.

* figures folder: 

  Some figures generated when analyzing HeckLit.

* models folder:

  * ANN.py: The framework of Artificial Neural Network (ANN). Other ML models is built by sklearn Python package.


* utils folder: 

  * dataset_analysis.py: Some functions helps with data analysis. 

  * molecule.py, rxn.py: The py files are auxiliary toolkits for dealing with molecules and reaction data.


